Add packages and text (#20)
hturner/pkg-dev-ctv: proposal.md

WRE reference: [Package subdirectories](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/R-exts.html#Package-subdirectories)

These packages provide some automation and helpers to test code:

>  - `r pkg("tinytest")` allows to install tests with the package with no further dependencies.

Author: Tests can also be kept with environmental variable `R_ALWAYS_INSTALL_TESTS =True` (See ?INSTALL) but I'll accept the commit.

 - `r pkg("unittest")` testing using the Test Anything Protocol.
 - `r pkg("exampletestr")` and `r pkg("doctest")` convert examples into tests to be run by testthat. `r pkg("testex")` converts documentation by roxygen2 into test to be run by testthat.
 - `r pkg("cucumber")` write specifications in feature files using 'Gherkin' language.
 - `r pkg("quickcheck")` checks against randomly generated input and compatible with testthat.
 - `r pkg("xpectr")` provides tools for generating expectations in a systematic way.
 

Testing internet requests can be difficult to do it reliably. 
One can use [this book "HTTP testing in R"](https://books.ropensci.org/http-testing/) to take inspiration:
 - `r pkg("vcr")` records requests and replays them during future runs. 
 - `r pkg("webmockr")` stubbing and setting expectations on 'HTTP' requests. 
 - `r pkg("httptest2")` works for recording and saving requests made by the httr2 package without requiring access to the remote service.

Other packages focused on specific areas:
 - `r pkg("vdiffr")` provides helpers for graphical unit tests, testing visual differences.
 - `r pkg("shinytest2")` provides a testing framework for Shiny applications.

>  - `r pkg("validate")` declares data validation rules and data quality indicators.

Reviewer: This starts to go beyond package testing to general code development. If we go there, we'd need to include a lot more, e.g. 
```suggestion
- `r pkg("assertthat")`, `r pkg("assertions)`, and `r pkg("assert)` check assertions on objects and can be used within functions to check arguments.
 - `r pkg("validate")` and `r pkg("assertr")` validate data sets against validation rules or by assertions.
```

I think it is probably best to drop this as out of scope.
